c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe.config
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MetroBus.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Connection.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Connection.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\NewId.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.MqForm.resources
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll.config
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.exe
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.exe.config
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe.config
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.MQForm.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.exe
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MetroBus.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Connection.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.exe.config
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Connection.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\NewId.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll.config
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.MqForm.resources
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.Settings.resources
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.exe
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\obj\Debug\Wms.MQForm.pdb
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Crypto.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Utils.dll
C:\Github\Wms.MQForm\Wms.MQForm\bin\Debug\Wms.Utils.pdb
