c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\obj\Debug\Consumer.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll.config
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Consumer.Service.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\MetroBus.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Wms.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\NewId.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\obj\Debug\Consumer.Service.dll
c:\users\yavuz.hatip\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Wms.MQForm\Consumer.Service\obj\Debug\Consumer.Service.pdb
